I'm joined right now by Keene from
Dignitas Keene it's been so long since
we've spoken
aren't you excited to do this interview
with me yeah excited yes you could just
the enthusiasm is dripping off of them
right now
okay so keen you guys just won in a very
interesting series against p1 and I
don't know it's kind of interesting to
watch what was your take on how that
series went um before this week it's
decided I think I thought we were gonna
do really good just asking with our
chicken
Adrian was released you're doing really
well so up Toby to zero ERG I thought
you're confident six one but the game
was actually really hard to me do you
think that's because you guys are still
getting used to each other or is it
because p1 is maybe stronger than you
expected I mean what caused a struggle
on kind of post p1 was really they're
pretty good too and the only practice
that's the roster for tweaks I think we
still have to improve as a team well how
do you think things are working out in
the bot lane um they're playing really
well yeah I think they're like reading
every bot lane in scrims
so I think yeah every bot lane every but
lemme scream again very good well I you
know how do you feel about Dignitas
a--'s chances of making it into the
playoffs which are only a couple weeks
away are you pretty confident that's
going to happen or are you concerned at
all that you might slip um I think our
schedules actually very hard next to you
have TSM c9 but I think if we practiced
and then if the screams go out and that
they really performed pretty good eh -
how do you feel about your own personal
performance on the LCS because I feel
like for a while
you've been kind of flying under the
radar you know how do you feel about you
know your own performance
um I think every one thing's big it's
like a someday team at the start and
then now it's like about lane team so I
think it's fine to be like this I can
just like play
so you kind of have your okay staying
out of the spotlight all right and then
other than that you know I'm talking to
a lot of different players about the
patch that is coming up with the
lethality changes and all that I've
heard varying opinions what are your
thoughts on the patch I think it's at
least very broken I think this will be a
lot of 80 champions next next week
unless they have six are you going to be
playing a team in a lot of 18 days
anyway yeah I mean do you do you want
them to hospice it is there something
you're hoping to see them do um I don't
really care you may need a half the
Cubbies to be broken holy moly
okay do you but are you have you just
kind of accepted this or is this
something that you're frustrated about
because some players don't care right
the whole just be like I'll just play
the opie stuff whatever other players I
think get more frustrated I'm curious
about you personally
hmm I think the players who hate the
page right now is maybe curse it can't
play the ad champions for me but I'm a
native champion Smith so I'm really good
about it so this is a good patch for you
even though it's maybe a broken patch
hopefully sunny good very good is there
anything that you want to say to any
with Dignitas fans out there thank you
for the support and yeah thank you so
much for the interview it's good to talk
to you again for everyone else you can
check out the rest of our coverage of
all things League of Legends eSports
here on my youtube channel Wow
wasn't that interview arrived it
certainly was for me I watched the whole
thing as I'm filming this outro I
totally know which interview this video
is being attached to you can check out
the rest of my coverage here sub and you
know check out Travis Khafre comm slash
support